Decision Maker: Hello, I am here to gather more information on the debate topic of accepting performance-enhancing drugs in competitive sports. Can you please provide me with some arguments for both sides?

Dialogue Agent: Of course, for the argument in favor of accepting performance-enhancing drugs, it is believed that performance-enhancing technology and drugs have been a standard practice for millennia, and banning them is based on morally incoherent reasons. Critics claim that such drugs confer an unfair advantage, but such advantages are only considered unfair if they are unequally distributed. It is believed that rampant hypocrisy also exists, as there are cases where athletes are celebrated for using secret technologies while others are vilified for using performance-enhancing drugs, which are easily accessible to everyone. Critics also argue that performance-enhancing drugs are harmful, but such claims rely on false information. While some side effects of performance-enhancing drugs are undesirable, sports itself is much more dangerous, and we do not prohibit it. 

For the argument against accepting performance-enhancing drugs, there are health and integrity concerns. Almost all of the prohibited substances and methods have the potential to damage the health of the athletes and are considered dangerous cheating. The use of performance-enhancing drugs is not accidental, it is planned and deliberate to gain an unfair advantage. When athletes resort to using drugs to perform better, they become liars, and cheating destroys everything they set out to accomplish. 

Decision Maker: I see. Can you give me some examples of how athletes might be coerced into using performance-enhancing drugs, and how such drugs could undermine fan interest and the integrity of records?

Dialogue Agent: Critics say that allowing performance-enhancing drugs is coercive, but the first year that baseball did universal testing, only six percent of the players tested were positive. From those numbers, it seems like most players were able to play at a high level without feeling coerced to use drugs. Critics also argue that the use of performance-enhancing drugs undermines fan interest, but this is empirically false, as baseball attendance, for example, has risen steadily during the steroid era. The critics also argue that steroids undermine the integrity of records, which is naive, as records are not comparable with or without drugs or growth hormone. The records are not comparable because baseball fences are shorter, the mound is lower, the ball is livelier, and Coors Field is a mile above sea level. The only valid comparison is among peers playing in the same arenas with the same equipment against the same opponents.

Decision Maker: Thank you for the information. After reviewing the arguments from both sides, I believe that accepting performance-enhancing drugs in competitive sports would be harmful and undermine the integrity of the sport. It is also not fair to athletes who choose not to use drugs and suffer a disadvantage, and it could encourage more dangerous and extreme practices. I believe that rules prohibiting drug use in sports are necessary to ensure a fair and healthy competition.