Meta-reviewer: Thank you for providing the reviews for the paper "Open Drug Knowledge Graph". Reviewer 1 seems to have some concerns about the use of the knowledge graph and why Wikidata was chosen as the "hub". The reviewer also questions the emphasis put on the web app versus the pipeline. Reviewer 2 provides some constructive criticism regarding the lack of integrity in the contents of the paper and the unclear correlation between the contributions. Reviewer 3 finds the paper relevant and interesting, but has concerns about the choice of having three different representations of the integrated data.

Dialogue Agent: Thank you for your summary of the reviews. Based on Reviewer 1's comments, we agree that we could provide more clarification on the purpose of the knowledge graph and its use. As for the choice of Wikidata as the hub, we felt that it was the most appropriate source for integrating the different data sets. Regarding the emphasis on the web app, we felt that it was important to provide a user-friendly interface for accessing the data. However, we can certainly provide more details on the pipeline as well.

With regards to Reviewer 2's comments, we appreciate the constructive criticism and recognize the need for more clarity in the paper. We will review the contents and make sure that the contributions are well integrated.

In regards to Reviewer 3's comments, we felt that having three different representations of the data would be useful for different types of analysis and different users. However, we acknowledge that we could have provided more rationale for this choice in the paper.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for your responses. Based on the reviews and your responses, I am still hesitant about accepting the paper. Reviewer 1's concerns about the use of the knowledge graph and the choice of Wikidata as the hub have not been fully addressed. Reviewer 2 raises valid concerns about the lack of integrity in the paper and the unclear correlation between the contributions. Reviewer 3 finds the paper relevant and interesting, but also questions the need for three different representations of the data.

Dialogue Agent: We understand your concerns and appreciate your thorough evaluation of the reviews and our responses. We will take these comments into consideration and make changes to the paper to address these concerns. If there are any further questions or concerns, please let us know and we will do our best to address them.