 Sure, here is a simulated dialogue between a dialogue agent and a meta-reviewer assessing a paper for acceptance or rejection:

Meta-Reviewer: Hello, I'm reviewing a paper titled "Self-Supervised Learning of Compressed Video Representations". Can you help me understand the main contributions of the paper?

Dialogue Agent: Certainly! The authors propose a novel approach to self-supervised learning from compressed videos, which can significantly reduce the computation time required for video understanding tasks. The approach leverages the encoded residuals and motion vectors within the video codec to learn representations of the video content.

Meta-Reviewer: That sounds interesting. Can you tell me more about the proposed tasks and how they are related to compressed videos?

Dialogue Agent: Sure! The authors propose two self-supervised tasks related to compressed videos: one to predict the spatial locations with movement and one to predict the temporal matching of the inputs (Correspondence Type Prediction). These tasks are designed to take advantage of the compressed video features and have been shown to be effective in improving the representation of the video content.

Meta-Reviewer: I see. What about the comparison to existing approaches? How does the proposed approach fare in terms of performance and efficiency?

Dialogue Agent: The authors compare their approach to previous supervised compressed video approaches and show that it achieves better performance. However, the comparisons in Table 3 are missing comparisons to state-of-the-art approaches for non-compressed videos, which could provide a more comprehensive evaluation of the proposed approach.

Meta-Reviewer: I see. Are there any other related works that the authors could have considered in their evaluation?

Dialogue Agent: Yes, there are some related works that could have been considered in the evaluation. For example, "Cooperative learning of audio and video models from self-supervised synchronization", NeurIPS'18 and "Evolving Losses for Unsupervised Video Representation Learning", CVPR'20, which use audio features and are not specifically focused on compressed videos, but could be applied to compressed videos using say only I-frames.

Meta-Reviewer: I see. How do you rate the paper overall?

Dialogue Agent: Based on the information provided, I would rate the paper as marginally above acceptance threshold, with a confidence level of 5. The proposed approach shows promise in improving the representation of compressed video content, but the evaluation could be strengthened by comparing to more state-of-the-art approaches and providing more details on the computational efficiency of the proposed approach.

Meta-Reviewer: Thank you for your help. I will consider your input in my final decision.