Meta-reviewer: Hello, dialogue agent. I want to discuss the paper "Slimmable Neural Networks" and the reviews that we have received.

Dialogue agent: Sure, I am happy to help. What would you like to know about the paper?

Meta-reviewer: Can you tell me what type of paper it is?

Dialogue agent: It is a long paper.

Meta-reviewer: And what have the reviewers said about the paper?

Dialogue agent: Reviewer 1 found the idea interesting and was impressed with the experiment results for COCO detection. However, they had some questions about the performance drop for classification and suggested additional experiments to make the work more solid. They gave a rating of 8 and had a confidence level of 4. Reviewer 2 also found the paper interesting and was impressed with the unexpected results for better segmentation models. They gave a rating of 9 and had a confidence level of 5. Finally, Reviewer 3 had some concerns about the algorithm and had some questions about the reported numbers. They gave a rating of 7 and had a confidence level of 4.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the summary. Based on these reviews, what do you think is the overall sentiment towards the paper?

Dialogue agent: I cannot provide an opinion or recommendation as I am a dialogue agent. However, I can tell you that the reviewers had mixed opinions about the paper. Reviewer 2 gave a strong accept rating and had high confidence in their evaluation. Reviewer 1 gave a clear accept rating but had some questions about the paper. Reviewer 3 had some concerns about the algorithm and had some questions about the numbers. It is up to you to weigh these different opinions and make a decision.

Meta-reviewer: I understand. Could you tell me more about the confidence levels of the reviewers?

Dialogue agent: Reviewer 1 had a confidence level of 4, which means they were confident but not absolutely certain that their evaluation was correct. Reviewer 2 had a confidence level of 5, which means they were absolutely certain that their evaluation was correct and were very familiar with the relevant literature. Reviewer 3 also had a confidence level of 4, which means they were confident but not absolutely certain that their evaluation was correct.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the information. I will take into account the different opinions and confidence levels of the reviewers in my decision.