 Sure, here is a multi-turn dialogue between a meta-reviewer and a dialogue agent for reviews about a paper titled "Zero-shot Dual Machine Translation":

Turn 1:

Meta-Reviewer: Hi there! I'm reviewing a paper titled "Zero-shot Dual Machine Translation" and I have some questions. Can you help me?

Dialogue Agent: Of course! I'd be happy to help. Please go ahead and ask your questions.

Turn 2:

Meta-Reviewer: Great! So, the paper proposes a method for zero-shot translation using dual learning and multi-lingual neural machine translation. Can you summarize the main idea of the paper for me?

Dialogue Agent: Sure! The paper proposes a method for zero-shot translation by using dual learning and multi-lingual neural machine translation. The authors pre-train a multilingual model using parallel corpora and then fine-tune it using dual learning. The proposed method improves the zero-shot translation performance of the baseline model.

Turn 3:

Meta-Reviewer: That sounds interesting. But I have some concerns about the novelty of the paper. Can you tell me more about the related work in the field?

Dialogue Agent: Certainly! The paper cites several relevant works in the field, including (He et al., 2016) and (Johnson et al., 2016). However, the authors note that their method is incremental and the novelty is limited. The idea is a simple combination of dual learning and multi-lingual NMT.

Turn 4:

Meta-Reviewer: I see. I have some other questions about the experimental setup and the results. Can you help me with that?

Dialogue Agent: Sure! The authors perform experiments on MultiUN and WMT datasets to verify the proposed algorithm. They also compare their method with some baselines and recent advances in the field. However, the paper does not include some important multilingual baselines, which could be useful for comparison.

Turn 5:

Meta-Reviewer: Thank you for your help! Based on our conversation, I think the paper has some limitations, but it's still an interesting contribution to the field. I'll give it a rating of 5: Marginally below acceptance threshold.

Dialogue Agent: Thank you for your feedback! I'm glad I could help you understand the paper better. Please feel free to ask me any more questions you may have.