Meta-reviewer: Thank you for providing the reviews for FoldMold. It seems that the paper presents a relatively new and innovative approach to mold creation, but there are also some concerns raised by the reviewers. Could you please clarify some of the points brought up in the reviews?

Dialogue agent: Of course, I'll do my best to answer your questions.

Meta-reviewer: Reviewer 1 mentions that the process might become more difficult for more complex shapes. Could you provide more information on this and if the paper provides a solution?

Dialogue agent: Reviewer 1 notes that the user must break the model up into developable pieces that approximate the shape. The paper does suggest there is an automatic procedure for this, but does not discuss the method. Reviewer 1 suggests that it could be useful to leverage techniques from other papers to come up with automated techniques. The paper does not provide a solution for this limitation.

Meta-reviewer: Reviewer 2 points out that the method seems to be only useful for very simple polygonal shapes which excludes most use cases for molding. Is there any way to overcome this limitation?

Dialogue agent: The paper does not provide a solution to the limitation, but it does suggest that the method could be useful for fast prototyping.

Meta-reviewer: Reviewer 3 mentions that it is unclear how much automation is in the mold design app. Could you clarify this?

Dialogue agent: The paper does not provide a clear indication of how much automation is in the mold design app. However, it does mention that the app allows the user to define cuts or perforations such that the mold can take the desired shape. The reviewer also notes that the exposition could be improved and references other papers that could be cited.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for your responses. Based on these reviews, it seems like there are some limitations to the proposed method, but it also presents an innovative approach to mold creation that could be useful for fast prototyping. I'm inclined to consider accepting this paper, but I would also like to know your overall confidence in the reviews.

Dialogue agent: Reviewer 1 and Reviewer 2 are both fairly confident in their evaluations, with confidence scores of 4 and 3, respectively. Reviewer 3 is also fairly confident with a confidence score of 3. Overall, the reviewers seem to have provided thoughtful evaluations of the paper.