 Sure, here is a multi-turn dialogue between a meta-reviewer and a dialogue agent for reviews about a paper titled "Learning to Refer to 3D Objects with Natural Language":

Turn 1:

Meta-Reviewer: Hi, I'm reviewing a paper titled "Learning to Refer to 3D Objects with Natural Language". Can you help me understand the main contributions of the paper?

Dialogue Agent: Sure! The paper collects a dataset for studying the problem of referring to 3D objects with natural language, and trains state-of-the-art models for the tasks. The authors investigate different choices for encoding the image/3D shape, use of attention in the listener, and context and listener-aware models.

Turn 2:

Meta-Reviewer: That sounds interesting. But I'm not sure about the novelty of the contributions. Can you tell me more about the existing work in this area?

Dialogue Agent: Sure. The paper cites several relevant works, including [Review 1:Update: I have read author's response (sorry for being super late). The response better indicates and brings out the contributions made in the paper, and in my opinion is a strong application paper. But as before, and in agreement with R1 I still do not see technical novelty in the paper. For an application driven conference, I think this paper will make a great contribution and will have a large impact. I am slightly unsure as to what the impact will be at ICLR. I leave this judgement call to the AC. I won't fight on the paper in either direction.].

Turn 3:

Meta-Reviewer: Okay, I see. What about the technical contributions of the paper? Do the authors provide any new insights or innovations?

Dialogue Agent: The paper seems to follow state-of-the-art in the design of the models, and investigates different choices for encoding the image/3D shape, use of attention in the listener, and context and listener-aware models. However, the authors do not provide any new insights or innovations in the paper.

Turn 4:

Meta-Reviewer: I see. Based on your summary, I'm not sure if the paper provides enough novelty to warrant acceptance. Can you tell me more about the 3D aspect of the paper?

Dialogue Agent: The paper collects a dataset for studying the problem of referring to 3D objects with natural language, but the authors do not really explore the 3D aspect of the objects in the paper. The representations of the objects are stripped down to essentially 2D, and there is no experiment that has used the 3D-ness of the objects in any way.

Turn 5:

Meta-Reviewer: I understand. Based on the reviews and your summary, I think the paper may not be a good fit for ICLR. Thank you for your help!

Dialogue Agent: You're welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with?