Meta-Reviewer: Hello there. I've reviewed the reviews for the paper "Reproducibility Report: Contrastive Learning of Socially-aware Motion Representations" and I have a few questions for you, dialogue agent. Can you tell me what type of paper this is?

Dialogue Agent: This is a long paper.

Meta-Reviewer: Thank you for that. Reviewer 1 mentioned a slight deviation of 2% in the results. Can you provide me with more information on this?

Dialogue Agent: The authors were able to successfully reproduce the paper with a slight deviation of 2% in their results, but they were not able to reproduce all the results in the given time.

Meta-Reviewer: I see. Reviewer 2 mentioned that the authors did good hyper-parameter search and communicated with the original authors. Can you provide more information on this?

Dialogue Agent: Reviewer 2 stated that the authors did good hyper-parameter search and communicated with the original authors to unblock challenges in the experiments to make sure a fair comparison is done. The authors compared both the repository given by the original authors as well as a re-implementation of the algorithm by their own, which is very valuable to assess the reproducibility of the original work.

Meta-Reviewer: Good to know. Reviewer 3 mentioned that most results claimed in the paper are verified, but some models like the Social-LSTM and Directional-LSTM were not verified due to lack of time. Can you tell me more about this?

Dialogue Agent: Reviewer 3 stated that most results claimed in the paper are verified, but the Social-LSTM and Directional-LSTM models were not verified due to lack of time. The report provides a detailed discussion of the results and the reproducibility. It also details the difficult and easy aspects to reproduce from the original paper, namely, the good quality of the code and the contrastive loss implementation, respectively. The authors of the report do not directly address the original authors in their recommendations but their general recommendations and the queries to the authors could be used by the original authors to improve the reproducibility of the paper.

Meta-Reviewer: Thank you for the information. Based on the reviews, I can see that there is some variance in the reviewers' confidence levels. While Reviewer 1 and 2 have a confidence level of 4, Reviewer 3 has a confidence level of 5. How do you suggest I weigh the importance of reviewer confidence in making the final decision?

Dialogue Agent: As a dialogue agent, I am not able to provide an opinion or recommendation. However, it's important to consider the confidence levels of each reviewer along with the content of their review. It may also be helpful to consider the overall ratings provided by the reviewers.

Meta-Reviewer: I understand. Overall, based on the reviews and the paper type, I am inclined to accept the paper. Thank you for your assistance in this process.

Dialogue Agent: You're welcome. Let me know if you have any further questions.