Meta-reviewer: Hello, I have reviewed the reviews for the paper 'Learning with Reflective Likelihoods'. Review 1 seems to have a positive evaluation of the paper, while also pointing out some issues with the rigor of the discussion. Review 2, however, is strongly rejecting the paper, stating that it is technically flawed. Finally, Review 3 seems to be suggesting that while the proposed approach is interesting, there needs to be a better motivation for the method and some guarantees for it to be a valid approach. Can you please clarify the issues raised in these reviews and what your responses are to these criticisms?

Dialogue Agent: Yes, certainly, I can clarify the issues raised in the reviews. Review 1 points out some issues with the rigor of the paper's discussion, which we have taken note of. We are looking to address these concerns with a more formalized derivation of the reflective likelihood in future work. We agree with Review 1 that the experiments need more direct analysis and simulation, which we plan to include in future work as well. Regarding the lack of discussion of connections to calibration and maximum entropy, we appreciate the suggestion and will explore these connections in future work as well.

As for Review 2, we have carefully reviewed the equations in Section 2 and agree that there was an error in equation 2. We will correct this error in future versions of the paper. However, we disagree with the assertion that equation 1 is not equivalent to equation 3. We see equation 3 as being a variant of equation 1 that uses the reflective likelihood to encourage dependence between input and output, while equation 1 uses the normal likelihood. This is discussed in detail in the paper.

Regarding Review 3, we appreciate the suggestion to better motivate our approach and connect it to existing literature on minimum entropy priors and maximizing mutual information. We will include a more detailed discussion of these connections in future versions of the paper. We are also working on providing some guarantees for the method, although this is a challenging task given the complexity of the reflective likelihood.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for your responses. How confident are you in the paper's evaluation and its potential to be accepted for publication?

Dialogue Agent: We are confident in the potential of the paper to be accepted for publication, but we also recognize that there are some issues that need to be addressed. We will work on improving the rigor of the discussion, providing more direct analysis and simulation in the experiments, and better motivating and connecting our approach to existing literature. With these improvements, we believe the paper has a good chance of being accepted for publication, but we acknowledge that the final decision rests with the reviewers and the editorial board.