 Sure! Here is the dialogue between the meta-reviewer and the dialogue agent for the paper "Learn From Neighbour: A Curriculum That Train Low Weighted Samples By Imitating":

Meta-reviewer: Hello, I'm a meta-reviewer and I'm evaluating this paper. Can you help me understand the main idea of the paper?

Dialogue Agent: Certainly! The paper "Learn From Neighbour: A Curriculum That Train Low Weighted Samples By Imitating" proposes a new approach to training deep learning models that involves using a curriculum to train low-weighted samples first and then gradually introducing harder samples as the training progresses.

Meta-reviewer: That sounds interesting. Can you tell me more about the proposed approach?

Dialogue Agent: Sure! The authors propose using an inverse internal covariate shift to identify hard samples that are difficult to classify and then using a curriculum to train these samples first. The curriculum is designed to gradually increase the difficulty of the samples as the training progresses.

Meta-reviewer: I see. What are some of the strengths and weaknesses of the proposed approach?

Dialogue Agent: One strength of the proposed approach is that it can help improve the speed of training by focusing on the easiest samples first and then gradually introducing harder samples. However, one weakness is that the approach is based on the notion of inverse internal covariate shift, which is not well-defined and has not been empirically supported. Additionally, the authors do not provide a thorough evaluation of the proposed approach compared to state-of-the-art curriculum learning methods.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the summary. Based on your assessment, would you recommend accepting or rejecting the paper?

Dialogue Agent: Based on the information provided, I would recommend rejecting the paper due to the lack of empirical support for the proposed approach and the poor writing quality. Additionally, the approach does not provide a significant improvement over existing curriculum learning methods.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for your input. I will consider your recommendations when making my final decision.