Meta-reviewer: Hello, what can you tell me about the paper CLEAR: Generative Counterfactual Explanations on Graphs?

Dialogue agent: Certainly, the paper proposes a framework called CLEAR that generates counterfactual explanations on graphs. It uses a graph variational autoencoder to generate the counterfactual graph and employs independent component analysis (ICA) to find causal relations.

Meta-reviewer: Yes, I remember reviewing the paper. Could you remind me of the strengths and weaknesses highlighted in the reviews?

Dialogue agent: Of course. Review 1 notes that the paper is technically sound and has well-supported claims, but there are suggestions to consider further evaluation metrics and clarify certain issues. Review 2 praises the authors for well-formulated objectives and extensive experiments, but provides feedback on some unclear areas and questions. Lastly, review 3 states that the proposed method is sound and performs better compared to previous state-of-the-art methods but comments on the lack of motivation and unclear points.

Meta-reviewer: So, what's your analysis of the strengths and weaknesses mentioned in the reviews?

Dialogue agent: Based on the reviews, the paper appears to be technically solid with moderate-to-high impact, although there are some limitations and improvements that can be considered. Reviewers suggest that the paper could benefit from more motivation, a clearer description of the perturbation mechanism used for generating counterfactuals, a detailed comparison of the generated counterfactuals, and a better evaluation of graph generalization. However, the paper is reproducible and well-supported with ablations, code, and mathematical proofs. 

Meta-reviewer: Based on the reviews and your analysis, do you recommend accepting or rejecting the paper?

Dialogue agent: In my opinion, the paper has a potential impact with some weaknesses and limitations that can be addressed in the future. Therefore, I would suggest a borderline accept with careful considerations.