Meta-Reviewer: Hello, can you tell me about the focus of the paper titled "End-to-End Learning to Index and Search in Large Output Spaces"?

Dialogue Agent: The paper focuses on the extreme multi-label classification problem and proposes a method called ELIAS, which adopts a two-layer index for representing extreme-scale labels and it learns overlapping cluster partitions by assigning each label to multiple clusters. ELIAS also adopts a two-staged training strategy, where a XMC model is trained with fixed cluster partition generated by k-balanced clustering in the first stage, the cluster partition is generated according to the weighted count of labels assigning to corresponding clusters according to the XMC model trained in the first stage, and the XMC model with the value of the cluster partition is trained in the second stage. ELIAS++ adopts a sparse ranker and a calibration module for further improvement in performance compared to ELIAS.

Meta-Reviewer: How does ELIAS differ from existing solutions to extreme multi-label classification?

Dialogue Agent: ELIAS differs from existing solutions by replacing the first stage, which is usually a shallow tree-based index, with a weighted graph-based index with soft, learnable parameters. The probability of the label belonging to a cluster is learned together with label classifiers, and this leads to empirical improvement over using a fixed index over labels.

Meta-Reviewer: I noticed that Review 1 pointed out a weakness in the paper regarding its claim of being an end-to-end method. Can you elaborate on this?

Dialogue Agent: Yes, it is mentioned in Review 1 that it is not rigorous to say that ELIAS is an end-to-end method, though Eq. 7 and Eq. 8 can be optimized in an end-to-end manner in theory. In practice, the model is trained in a two-stage manner, and the label-to-cluster assignment is generated according to Eq. 10, which is non-differentiable.

Meta-Reviewer: I see. Review 2 mentions that the proposed approach allows for learning label-to-cluster assignments in an end-to-end fashion. Can you explain how this is achieved?

Dialogue Agent: Yes. As mentioned earlier, ELIAS replaces the first stage, which is usually a shallow tree-based index, with a weighted graph-based index with soft, learnable parameters. The probability of the label belonging to a cluster is learned together with label classifiers, and this leads to empirical improvement over using a fixed index over labels.

Meta-Reviewer: Review 3 mentions that while the proposed approach works well with two-level indices, it is uncertain whether it can be applied to more complex structures. What is your take on this?

Dialogue Agent: Review 3 has pointed out that since the proposed approach learns a two-level index, it is not immediately clear if it can be applied to relax tree structures with three or more levels into a directed acyclic graph. This might limit the scalability of the proposed approach to larger industry scale datasets. However, given that it scales well and outperforms baselines on one of the largest publicly available extreme multi-label classification datasets (i.e. Amazon-3M), this is a minor weakness.