Meta-reviewer: Hello, Dialogue Agent. I have reviewed the three reviews of the paper "SkillBERT: 'Skilling' the BERT to Classify Skills", and I need to make a decision on whether to accept or reject the paper. Can you provide me with some information on the paper's strengths and weaknesses, as well as its technical contributions?

Dialogue Agent: Yes, certainly. The paper proposes a BERT-based model called SkillBERT to classify Electronic Recruitment Records based on job skills. The authors release a related ERR dataset to the public domain and introduce SkillBERT to group skills present in this dataset into competency clusters. They also provide experimental evidence of the obtained modelling gains. According to review 1, the manuscript has some valuable contributions. Moreover, Review 3 mentioned that the authors presented the details of feature engineering and experiment design, and conducted extensive and comprehensive experiments. The author also released the code and dataset, which largely improve the reproducibility of this work.

Meta-reviewer: I see. What about the weaknesses of the paper?

Dialogue Agent: Reviewer 1 pointed out that the compared models and methods are somewhat old and elementary, and failed to capture current advances. In addition, the data annotation process calls for clarifications. Moreover, the overall experimental setting does not appear to be adequately captured and justified. The manuscript also seems to demonstrate only a reasonable understanding of related work. Reviewer 2 argued that although the paper has some values, using BERT for text classification is well-known and frequently used, and some parts of the paper are not clearly explained. One weakness point raised by Reviewer 3 was that the problem studied in the paper is relatively small and specific, which might only be interested in a small group of researchers. 

Meta-reviewer: Interesting. Can you tell me more about the ratings and confidence levels provided by the reviewers?

Dialogue Agent: Sure. Reviewer 1 rated the paper with a 4, which means it is "Ok but not good enough for acceptance". Reviewer 2 also gave a 4 rating, stating that the methodology and technical contribution are not strong enough. Reviewer 3 rated the paper with a 6 which means it is "Marginally above acceptance threshold". Reviewer 1 and 2 have a confidence level of 5 out of 5, which means they are absolutely certain that their evaluations are correct. Reviewer 3, on the other hand, has a confidence level of 4, which means they are confident, but not absolutely certain, that their evaluation is correct.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the detailed information, Dialogue Agent. Based on the reviews, I am inclined to reject the paper. However, I noticed that the authors did release the code and dataset, which is a valuable contribution. I will weigh the reviewers' confidence levels and decide whether I should accept or reject the paper.