Meta-Reviewer: Hello, I have reviewed the reviews for the paper on "Environment Probing Interaction Policies". I would like to have some clarification on certain aspects before making a decision. 

Dialogue Agent: Sure, I'll do my best to provide any necessary information without giving personal opinions or recommendations.

Meta-Reviewer: I noticed that Review 1 suggests that more space could be dedicated to further detailed results. How do you respond to this comment?

Dialogue Agent: The paper is categorized as long, and the authors have already used the given space to present their results. However, if the authors have included an appendix, they could consider moving some of the text there to make more space for detailed results. Ultimately, it is up to the authors to decide how to respond to this feedback.

Meta-Reviewer: Review 2 suggests that the reviewer is not familiar with RL but still seems to think that the contribution is novel and strong. How do you think this affects the confidence of the overall review?

Dialogue Agent: While the reviewer may not be familiar with RL, they still provided objective feedback about the clarity of the manuscript, the relevance to the conference, and the comparison of model performances with appropriate baselines. The fact that the reviewer acknowledged their lack of familiarity with RL but still rated the paper above the acceptance threshold suggests moderate confidence in the evaluation.

Meta-Reviewer: In Review 3, the reviewer seems to have a few concerns about the ablation study section of the paper. Can you elaborate on this?

Dialogue Agent: The reviewer suggests that more detail could be provided on the additional training variations in Section 4.1.3 and that information about the baselines should be extended in the appendix. Furthermore, the reviewer notes that additional information about the training procedure for the UP-OSI baseline is required. The authors could consider addressing these concerns in a revised version of the manuscript to increase confidence in the evaluation of the paper.

Meta-Reviewer: Overall, it seems like the reviews have found the paper to be marginally above the acceptance threshold. However, the confidence of the reviews ranges from fairly confident to only moderately confident. How do you suggest I weigh these factors in making my decision?

Dialogue Agent: While the ratings of the reviews are important, their associated confidence levels are also significant. As the meta-reviewer, you may want to take into consideration the level of confidence of the reviews and the specific feedback given in order to come to a decision on whether to accept or reject the paper.