Meta-reviewer: Hello dialogue agent. I have reviewed the three reviews for the paper "Likelihood-based Permutation Invariant Loss Function for Probability Distributions" and I'd like to discuss the paper with you. Can you tell me about the paper type and its proposed loss function?

Dialogue agent: Certainly. The paper is a long paper, and it proposes a permutation invariant loss function for sets autoencoders. The loss function is based on likelihood and is designed to address the issue of label switching in sets and to compare sets of different sample sizes.

Meta-reviewer: That sounds interesting. Reviewer 1 liked the idea of designing custom loss functions, but found the experiments unconvincing. Reviewer 2 found the paper understandable and interesting, but deferred the decision of acceptance/rejection to other reviewers, while reviewer 3 was critical of the proposed loss function and found the manuscript confusing. What do you think about these reviews?

Dialogue agent: As a dialogue agent, I am not able to provide opinions or recommendations. However, I can provide information about the reviews. Reviewer 1 rated the paper marginally below the acceptance threshold, had confidence in their evaluation, and suggested that more experiments are needed to evaluate the SCE loss function. Reviewer 2 rated the paper marginally above the acceptance threshold and had less confidence in their evaluation. Reviewer 3 rated the paper as not good enough for acceptance and had confidence in their evaluation.

Meta-reviewer: Understood. Can you tell me more about the experiments?

Dialogue agent: Reviewer 1 suggested that the experiments should focus on evaluating the quality of representation from an SCE-trained autoencoder compared to other training methods to estimate the SCE loss function's value. Reviewer 2 did not provide detailed comments on the experiments, while Reviewer 3 found the experiments confusing and suggested that clarity could be improved.

Meta-reviewer: Interesting. Reviewer 2 suggested an extension of the paper to include comparisons of sets of different sample sizes. Is there anything else I should know about the reviews?

Dialogue agent: Reviewer 1 had comments regarding the presentation of the paper, finding Figure 1 to be unappealing and some of the experiment descriptions to be confusing. Reviewer 2 highlighted the use of log likelihoods to metric distances between sets and praised the effectiveness of the approach. Reviewer 3 was critical of the loss function's definition, found the manuscript confusing, and suggested clarity improvements.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the information. Given the different opinions and confidence levels of the reviewers, I have to weigh my decision carefully. I'll keep in mind the suggestions for additional experiments and clarity improvements.