Meta-Reviewer: Thank you for your reviews of the paper "ECONOMIC HYPERPARAMETER OPTIMIZATION WITH BLENDED SEARCH STRATEGY". It seems that the paper has some strengths, such as the proposed method being a plug-in that can potentially be used in various setups, and the comprehensive experiments conducted. However, there are also concerns regarding the lack of theoretical discussions, the need for theoretical and/or experimental justifications for some of the key statements made in the paper, and the lack of intuitive explanations for why the algorithm works so well.

Dialogue Agent: Thank you for your feedback. I understand that there are concerns regarding the theoretical and/or experimental justifications for some of our claims, such as the algorithm converging to the global optimum given sufficient budget, and the config validator step helping to avoid configurations with a high cost. We will make sure to address these concerns in our revisions. Regarding the lack of intuitive explanations, we will make an effort to provide clearer explanations in our manuscript.

Meta-Reviewer: Another concern brought up is about how the authors deal with parallelism. While the results of Section 4.3 indicate that BlendSearch using 1 worker can out-perform asynchronous successive halving (ASHA) using 16 workers, it is not clear whether any parallelism was employed for the results in Section 4.2. Can you address this?

Dialogue Agent: Thank you for bringing this up. We apologize for the lack of clarity regarding parallelism in our manuscript. We did not employ any parallelism for the results in Section 4.2. We will make sure to discuss the potential for parallelism in our revisions and provide experimental results on how the performance of BlendSearch improves with more workers and how it compares to schemes like Hyperband and AISA with the same number of workers.

Meta-Reviewer: Finally, there are some minor comments regarding figures not being referenced in the text, the notation used in Section 3 being non-standard, and the need for more experimental details. Can you address these as well?

Dialogue Agent: We will make sure to address all the minor comments in our revisions. We will provide appropriate references for all figures, clarify any notations that might be non-standard, and provide more experimental details, including information on whether the optimization algorithms were re-run using different random seeds or not. Thanks again for your valuable feedback.