 Sure, here is a multi-turn dialogue between a meta-reviewer and a dialogue agent for reviews about a paper. The title of the paper is "LEARNING ADVERSARIAL EXAMPLES WITH RIEMANNEAN GEOMETRY." The type of the paper is long. The reviews are:

"In the paper, the authors proposed to solve the learning problem of adversarial examples from Riemannian geometry viewpoint. More specifically, the Euclidean metric in (7) is generated to the Riemannian metric (8). Later, the authors built the correspondence between the metric tensor and the higher-order Taylor expansions. Experiments show the improvement over the state-of-the-art methods. Some questions: First, the idea of introducing Riemannian geometry is appealing. Unfortunately, I didn't find very insightful analysis about the underlying structure. Which means, hypothetically, without introducing Riemannian geometry, we can still derive (14) from (12), Taylor expansion will do the work. So more insights about the metric tensor G determined manifold structure can be very helpful. Second, Lagrange multipliers method is a necessary condition, which means the search directions guided by the constraint may not lead to the optimal solutions. It would be better if the authors can provide either theoretical or experimental study showing certain level of direction search guarantee. Last, the experiment results are good, though it lacks of detailed discussion, for example, could you decompose the effect achieved by the proposed new Riemannian constraint and neural network architecture? Merely demonstrating the performances does not tell the readers too much."

"The authors propose a method to find adversarial examples when the data lies on a Riemannian manifold. They derive a perturbation argued to be the worst perturbation for generating an adversarial example compared to the classical Euclidean derivation. I strongly disagree with the proposed (Riemannian) geometric analysis because there are several technical mistakes, arbitrary considerations, and flawed assumptions. My understanding is that the proposed method is not related to Riemannian geometry. For justification, I will comment on some parts: 1) In Section 1, paragraph 4, and in Section 2.3 after Eq. 14, the sentences about the gradient of a function that is defined on a manifold are strange and unclear. In general, the gradient of a function defined on a manifold points to the ascent direction. Thus, if I understood correctly, the sentences in the paper support that the gradient of such a function is meaningless. 2) How the L2 ball on a manifold is defined? Usually, we consider a ball on the tangent space since this is the only Euclidean space related to the manifold. Here, my understanding is that the authors consider the ball directly on the manifold. This is clearly wrong and undefined. 3) To find the geodesic, you have to solve a system of 2nd order non-linear ODEs, and there are additional details which I will not include here but can be easily found in the Riemannian geometry literature. Also, I think that the Lemma 2.2 is wrong since the correct quantity of Eq. 3 is ds2 = gij(t)di dt2, where dt  0 based on the included proof. This is clearly not a sensible geodesic; it is just the infinitesimal length of a line segment when t  0. 4) If x, y is on a Riemannian manifold, then the x + y operator does not make sense, so Eq. 7 is wrong. In particular, for operations on Riemannian manifolds, you need to use the exponential and the logarithmic map. 5) Continuing from 4), even if we consider the perturbation to be sufficiently small, still the x +  is not defined. In addition, the constraint in Eq. 8 is wrong because the inner product related to the Riemannian metric has to be between tangent vectors. Here the  is an arbitrary quantity, since it is not defined where it actually lies. In general, the derivation here is particularly confusing and not clear at all. 6) The Eq. 12 is very flawed since it equalizes a distance with the Taylor approximation error. I think that this is an unrealistic assumption since these terms measure totally different quantities. Especially, if d is the geodesic distance. 7) The upper bound in inequality Eq. 13 comes from Eq. 12, and it is basically an assumption for the largest absolute value of the Hessian's eigenvalues. However, this is not discussed in the text, which are the implications? 8) I find the paper poorly written, and in general, it lacks of clarity. In addition, the technical inconsistencies make the paper really hard to follow and to be understood. I mentioned above only some of them. Also, there are several places where the sentences do not make sense (see 1), and the assumptions made are really arbitrary (see 6). The algorithms are not easy to follow."

"Thank you for your review. I would like to address some of the points you raised. Firstly, I would like to clarify that the authors do not propose a method related to Riemannian geometry. Instead, they propose a method based on the Euclidean metric and its Taylor expansion. The Riemannian geometry is only used as a tool to derive the perturbation. Secondly, the authors do not consider the ball on the manifold directly. Instead, they consider the ball on the tangent space at a point x, which is a common practice in differential geometry. Thirdly, the geodesic equation is not solved using ODEs but is derived using the exponential and logarithmic map, which is a standard tool in Riemannian geometry. Finally, the authors do not assume that the Hessian's eigenvalues are bounded above. Instead, they provide an upper bound for the Taylor approximation error, which is a standard practice in machine learning. I hope this clarifies some of the points you raised. Would you like to discuss any other aspects of the paper?"