Meta-Reviewer: Thank you for your reviews of the paper "Accountability-Aware Design of Voice User Interfaces for Home Appliances". Reviewer 1, you seem to have some concerns with the paper and lean towards rejecting it. Can you elaborate on why you think the paper fails to deliver a convincing contribution?

Reviewer 1: Yes, I have some concerns with the paper. First of all, the design of the video prototypes seems to be very important to the participants' perception of accountability. However, the design decisions that were made making the video prototypes are not detailed, and what the video prototype shows is not shown or explained to the reader. Basically, the reader is kept completely in the dark about one of the most important parts of the study. Secondly, I am not sure what I have learned from reading this paper. The conclusion could be summarized with "The more responsibility we give to the machine, the more accountable we perceive it to be for the outcome". I don't see this as surprising at all.

Meta-Reviewer: Thank you for your feedback, Reviewer 1. Reviewer 2, you also have some concerns with the paper, but you recommend acceptance with some revisions. Can you explain why?

Reviewer 2: Sure. The paper has several important shortcomings that need to be addressed, such as generalizing the findings to home all automation systems and providing more detailed qualitative data and analysis. However, the paper presents a solid piece of research with a relevant and interesting angle. The study setup is good, and the analysis is sound. With some revisions, the paper can be improved and contribute to the field of HCI.

Meta-Reviewer: Thanks for your evaluation, Reviewer 2. Reviewer 3, you recommend clear acceptance of the paper. Can you explain your reasoning?

Reviewer 3: Yes, I think the paper is well done and presents a solid piece of research. The definition of accountability could be expressed differently, but I see no major issues with the paper. The study setup is good, and the analysis is sound. The paper investigates an interesting aspect of accountability, and the results contribute to the field of HCI. Therefore, I recommend clear acceptance.

Meta-Reviewer: Thank you, Reviewer 3. Based on your reviews, it seems that there are both strengths and weaknesses in the paper. Reviewer 1's concerns with the lack of detail on the design of the video prototypes and the perceived lack of novelty in the conclusions are valid. Reviewer 2's concerns with generalizing the findings too broadly and the need for more detailed qualitative analysis are also valid. However, Reviewer 3 finds the paper to be well done and presents a solid piece of research. 

Considering all of the reviews, I am leaning towards acceptance, possibly with some revisions addressing the concerns raised by Reviewers 1 and 2. However, I would like to know from the dialogue agent what type of paper it is and what the reviewers' ratings and confidence levels are to help me make a final decision.

Dialogue Agent: The paper is a long type, and the reviewers provided the following ratings and confidence levels: Reviewer 1 rated the paper as marginally below the acceptance threshold with a confidence level of 4. Reviewer 2 rated the paper as marginally above the acceptance threshold with a confidence level of 5. Reviewer 3 rated the paper as top 50% of accepted papers, clear accept with a confidence level of 2.

Meta-Reviewer: Thank you, Dialogue Agent. Based on the reviewers' ratings and confidence levels, Reviewer 2 seems more confident about the paper's acceptance than Reviewer 1. Reviewer 3's high confidence level suggests that the paper is of good quality. Considering the feedback from the reviewers and the confidence levels, I will recommend acceptance with some revisions to address the valid concerns raised by Reviewers 1 and 2.