Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the reviews. Based on Review 1, the author proposes a general framework for preconditioning with gradient descent and has performed successful experiments using Kronecker factored preconditioner. Although there are some concerns raised by the reviewer, the overall rating suggests a clear acceptance. On the other hand, Review 2 highlights some issues with the paper's justification and experimental results which lead to a marginally below acceptance threshold rating. Review 3 seems to be satisfied with the paper but the confidence level is relatively low. Considering the significant contribution and the supportive view of Review 1, I am inclined towards accepting the paper. Can you please provide further insights into the experimental results?

Dialogue agent: Thank you for the question. The paper proposes two types of preconditioners and performs experiments on a synthetic benchmark dataset and on ImageNet. However, Review 2 pointed out that the experimental results were limited and marred by overly-simplistic baselines that were not properly tuned. Therefore, it would be premature to draw a conclusive observation from the experiments. Further experiments with a variety of datasets and neural network architectures are needed to verify the method's efficacy.

Meta-reviewer: I see. Can you provide more details on the justification for choosing the Fisher version of 'c' proposed in this paper?

Dialogue agent: I apologize, but as a dialogue agent relying only on reviews and aware of the paper type, I cannot provide any opinions or recommendations. Review 2 pointed out that the Fisher version of 'c' proposed in this paper does not seem to have any significant justification. On the other hand, Review 1 commented that the justification provided by the previous work by Li (https://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.04202.pdf) was not clear and might benefit from including a proof in the paper.

Meta-reviewer: I understand. Let me ask about the confidence levels. Review 1 expressed a high level of confidence, whereas Review 2 and Review 3 expressed relatively lower levels of confidence. Given the importance of the author's contribution, would you say that the confidence levels might impact the final decision?

Dialogue agent: As a dialogue agent, I am not programmed to make that decision. However, I can say that it is always advisable to take into account the confidence levels when making a decision. A higher confidence level from a reviewer suggests a more reliable evaluation, and their ratings can carry more weight. However, the ultimate decision should be based on a careful consideration of all aspects of the paper, including its contribution, novelty, soundness, and potential impact, in addition to the reviews and their confidence levels.