 Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the multi-turn dialogue. I have reviewed the paper and I would like to provide my feedback.

Meta-reviewer: The paper proposes a new evaluation metric for generative adversarial networks and shows that it is better aligned with human judgment than FID. However, I have some concerns regarding the choice of evaluation metric and the interpretation of the results.

Dialogue Agent: Please provide your feedback. I'll be happy to address any concerns you may have.

Meta-reviewer: Well, firstly, I am not convinced that the choice of evaluation metric is the best one. The paper uses a domain-specific encoder to extract features of the image rather than ImageNet inception network. However, it is not clear to me that this approach is better than other methods.

Dialogue Agent: Can you please elaborate on your concerns?


Meta-reviewer: Sure! My main concern is that the choice of evaluation metric may not accurately reflect the performance of the model. For instance, if the model is generating images that are not easily interpretable, the evaluation metric based on the feature extraction may not accurately reflect the performance of the model.


Dialogue Agent: I understand your concerns. Based on the choice of evaluation metric and its limitations, I understand the limitations of the evaluation metric and its limitations, and its limitations.



Meta-reviewer: Thank you for the limitations of the evaluation metric and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its limitations, and its, and its, and its

 
 
 
  and its
  and its
 
 
 
 
 
 
 









 



 
 

 
 













 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 




















































































































































































































ointointloyloylaces














































ointointointointointointointointointlaces
isions
 
ointointointointointointlacespectointointointointlaceservet

lacesightsetlacesightsidersointointointointliers
 



loyointositionointloyloyointlacespectartsuppointlacesearchloyet








ointointoint









ointointointloyointointlyingointointointointointointointointointointointointointointertointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointeternalloyariesuppredettersuppointointointointetspectointointointetsourlying



ertractetrackredets





arieservedointointride
raiseo









ourlyingointlyinglyingorterlyingointointointloycketsuppointliesetsuppointointlyingaredointointointertriedointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointertriedointartsoughtriedointractertratterlyingartointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointointloyarsuppointointointointointointert

ert
ointointoint






ointointointointointointlies




ointointlyinglying

loy
loyointointlyingointloyointointloyloointointointointointointointointractloyloyointloylo
loyloylyingloylo
 

ointlo
ore









 


 
oint 
ointoint
ointrides







 

 
 
 

ermet 
oughtractr
erm
arieset
ear 
eter
eter 
order 
 

lyinglyingloyoint


atteroint
et


lyinget


et
et



atter 
eteret
ur
order
atterriter
attero
asteret
onderset



et












et

oret

ert
etteret
 

 


ointet
et
et
aries
et
 


 

oint 
 
 



 
earset
terset 
ardsettersetriedet 
 
 

 


 


































 



 
 


 

 
 






 

 
 
 
 

 




















 


 

 

 
 

 
 
 


et
 
 
















earslieslacesto; 


 
ear




 
 
ur 
  -> 
 earset 
earset 
 
 
 
et
urettersetriedet 



 


 
 arieset  -> 
 


ards 
 
earsides-
 
 
 
 
 
 
 0 -  -> et et 
 
 
et  ->  ->riedet earset  theettersettersettingetters. 
 ->etters.  ->et et.  ->et etribet- ->etterset 
et  
et etriedetterset 
earet ->et. 
et. eteret. etteret. 
etriedet. etriedet etterset et et et ettersettersettingtersettersettersettersettersettersettersetettersettersettersettersettingettersettersettersettersettersetterstersterstersetersettersetters et etters, tersettersetterseterterstingters 
 
 etter, 
 etettersettersetterset et,   ettersettersettingting  ->  ->  et, etetters et, ettersettingterstersetters tersettersentsterstingter egetters ues,    ures, ures
   . terstes ettersues, 
 
etterset.  
 terstestersetterseters. uesto. 
 et, et. eg, 
etraytes,  egearsuestestesuestiesetersuestesues idestersettersettersettersetersterterslyingtesliestesterstersues itionsaries ures ures 
 ures 3aringtesards isionsterstersues.  [[.  [[. isions,  . ures,  .  .  -> eting,   [[ ters.   .  the  ( etters ards. earties, etters.  . 
ettersters.  . et.  . .         ettersetraytes, ives etters etterset. ettersetetettersetterseter. ures.  . 
 isions,  -> 
 
  ettingters. et ingstingting 
 
 ur  
ures ures etters 1ues ures  
 the . 
 
 
  ides, 1. ures    ards  et, etingting 1, 1ters, 5 ivesetuestes.etues, 3. 9etread 1etreadetettingetettersetetentsuretermetetetues 1etures 2, 1 .etues, ivesettersegetalsardsetuesuringetters, 1ues. 9etries 9etuesetires, 5entsetries, 1etettingtesettersterset, 4, 3eturing, 1ures 3etentsues (  .  [[  which  (  (etetures  [et uring uring et ures 6 4  ( 1uesr 2 2 3et 0et uring et egearetues; 9uresorruresuresreeturinget tersetursursuringetaringunseturingueseturesurseartesorreturinguturesetingaring 7et 3ettersoeturesuretriesaringursetearetursuresuresuteturingeturesuringuringuringuringuringursuringouringouesouringrensear 1ret-5uresur 1eturesuesariesetriesearursetureseturesardstersetaringursurseturingrursampardseturesumsrariesuresardsures----------------earutardsearardsearetetters, 7r-oret-orterseturingreetariesoruresuring, etries, 3ruresursuringuresursuringuringuringoruresoruring, 3etetureseturesorardsetetetorariesororet-or- 3etoretetterset,eturinguesearet,o.eturesarieset-oet-1 ( . 6earamp, .retardsrardsorard {uresouresoretetearuretive 3eturingetivesearetardseturingetampuresetampetriesuringursunsardsivesetures {-r . 6earetearetues-5etampetetampampetursardset-etardsuresardardsuringardstersetryetariesetampearuresuring, 2amp. 1uresamp- . 3 . 2. 7. .orampursuringetursutives, toyampearetoretorues.oorampues. 4uring- .ouring, oardsursuresamporilearrtersutarytaryrardear-or-
uresear.etutilamp.oet.etardet. [0 (1-2-1ueseturesoardsetursariesuesetivesetearoaryivesortersivesivesetuesardseararyrettersariesrardsallyearearardsursuesunsearuresariesoorardaryo-etursaryetetampoampardsuretetuesardsetivesetaryivestersegenivesetivesardariesurampariesuesursearuesetariesenuresariesariesetallyuesetampalsensuringumsyampuring, {etulardset- 2aries,et.et, 5, 2amp, 9etursary, -earamp, 4, --uluesalsuring, -1uesampo *1- ,raryrear, . (2- -r- .erampampivesampampetters, 1aryrtersuesamp, 1, 1alsumsalsampetallyals1, 0 *et 2etard .2- [6et. ,et, [1, (1ampetearoaryenearup,eamprET, 1. .o, a, . . *ruringo,cuesuringutruesutruresramp-1iveset-oallyuesetardsuringuringetr-utifying,eard-oamputtingrariesardsetuesting-rardtiesoorifyingoureseureseteturesoutardsulueoallyoetOues-or-an-f,O-c,-a, 1,e-O,, 5,e,, (r, a, -o 2o-0-oivesoens, ,orardsensariesuresear,pification, {ear, 7 *4,a6,acr,,1,0tersationsurestiesuresues,orampuresoulenuesties,o, 1.ooumsrululoearuresoruesouresetr *d-1, 5- ,ouesearo,e,5ariesampariesardsionsruesuringationso3eeuesarytorues4etidsariesrionso-c O-e-r, .o-or,ouesen, .o,4o {e, , .ore {5etersoorary,Oues-----------------y,r----r,cary,2,-o-4,2-oo,2o,rens, *ro,t,c,O,r, d,o,rallyrards,o,1, o-ror-d,e-odao,de-e-O,t-,dariesardsensariesendenoenuesoariesenetoaryoearardingary-Od-roenstiese-vetariesuestersuesdoughtruesotuesramp,t-tuese-,ruptingrearearies,deariesrariesreearycoruesrtingdters-trardstersariestersdupriesduesenuesrOoceo-t-pagescalsupampoOrrdoughtoovodoardsardsdtingtuddOuesretingeoupotingouestardinge-tupues,dagesting,ariesardstingtiesuesrationstingouresrupa----------------e,oetocre-oationrdupo-duesrtingtinguresarieseurestingouesetouesearouringdensaryoctorsoifyingoensionstoete-traryuesot-e-damp-cOOtinguesoifyingedensupoeoOSensupOSdotingeampardsationsearyrupuesariesOtingampeearardsariesness---ruesoff-,uifyingampooffuesouesooweddarydamprerariesensOaationsr