Meta-reviewer: Hello, dialogue agent. I'm in charge of making the final decision on a paper titled "Learning Relation Entailment with Structured and Textual Information." Can you summarize the reviews for me?

Dialogue agent: Of course, meta-reviewer. Review 1 states that the paper is interesting, but it can be a little hard to follow due to the use of repetitive terms. Reviewer 2 suggests renaming unsupervised/supervised scoring functions to non-parametric vs parametric methods and asks a few questions about the paper. Reviewer 3 finds the experiments well described but would like to see results for "text only" models and some statistics on the scores.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you, dialogue agent. Based on these reviews, what are the strengths and weaknesses of the paper?

Dialogue agent: According to the reviews, the strengths of the paper are that it introduces interesting analysis aspects for knowledge graph problems and explores supervised and unsupervised methods to find entailments in relations. However, the paper can be a little hard to follow due to repetitive terms, and some reviewers suggest that additional statistics on the scores and results for "text only" models would be useful.

Meta-reviewer: Interesting. Reviewer 2 has mentioned a few questions about the paper. Can you answer them?

Dialogue agent: Certainly, meta-reviewer. Reviewer 2 asks how the cosine and euclidean similarity metrics serve as a scoring function given that they are symmetric. They also wonder if the prediction for parent relations is done within all the relations only in that tier or all relations. Finally, they question if predicting parent relations is trivial since the representation of a parent relation would include child information.

Meta-reviewer: I see. The reviewers seem to raise valid points. Can you tell me about the ratings and confidence levels of the reviews?

Dialogue agent: Reviewer 1 rated the paper 6 out of 10 and had moderate confidence in their evaluation. Reviewer 2 rated the paper 7 out of 10 and expressed a higher confidence level. Reviewer 3 also rated the paper 7 out of 10 but had a moderate confidence level in their evaluation.

Meta-reviewer: Very helpful, dialogue agent. Based on the reviews, what do you suggest I should do with the paper?

Dialogue agent: As a dialogue agent, it is not my place to make recommendations or opinions. My purpose is to provide information. However, based on the reviews, you may want to consider allowing the paper for publication with possible suggestions for improvement.