Meta-reviewer: Hello dialogue agent, I have read the reviews for the paper "Learning and Covering Sums of Independent Random Variables with Unbounded Support" and I would like to ask some questions before making a decision on whether to accept or reject the paper. Can you provide me with more information about the paper's contributions?

Dialogue agent: Certainly, the paper studies the problem of learning a random variable X which can be expressed as the sum of n independent integer random variables X_1, ..., X_n (X is a SIIRV). The paper mainly looks at the question of learning X up to a low total variation distance if the X_i's are "sufficiently nice" distributions. The paper's main contribution is to show that such learning can occur if the X_i's all satisfy a set of assumptions. The authors use covering arguments to demonstrate that there is a small but dense set of SIIRVs in the space of possible random variables X.

Meta-reviewer: That seems impressive, but one of the reviews mentions concerns about the assumptions that need to be made about the exponential family. Can you explain this further?

Dialogue agent: Yes, the authors make several assumptions on the distributions that the X_i's are drawn from, and these assumptions need to hold for the algorithm to work properly. While many distributions satisfy these assumptions (Poisson, Bernoulli, Gaussian, etc.), the reviewer mentions that there may be much easier ways to learn the sums of these random variables. However, the authors do mention several applications of this learning problem, and the stated applications seem reasonable.

Meta-reviewer: Could you tell me more about the application of this learning problem?

Dialogue agent: Sure, the application of learning SIIRVs includes areas such as game theory and stochastic optimization. Moreover, the paper discusses that this learning problem is practically important as it takes a step towards understanding the problem in the infinite support case.

Meta-reviewer: I see. One of the reviews mentions that the paper's key technical contribution is the structural result of identifying assumptions under which SIIRVs can be covered properly. Can you explain this in more detail?

Dialogue agent: Yes, the authors identify assumptions under which SIIRVs can be covered properly, and this is a key technical contribution of the paper. However, it is also a weakness, as the assumptions need to hold for the algorithm to work properly. The paper does provide some justification for these assumptions, but it could have been strengthened by showing how sample complexity is affected when all but one of these assumptions fail to hold.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for your responses. Based on the reviews, I am leaning towards accepting the paper with a weak acceptance rating, as the paper appears to be technically solid and has a moderate-to-high impact. However, I am concerned about the confidence levels of the reviewers. Can you tell me more about the reviewers' confidence levels?

Dialogue agent: Certainly. Reviewer 1 provided a weak acceptance rating with a confidence level of 2, which means they are willing to defend their assessment, but it is quite likely that they did not understand the central parts of the submission or that they are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Reviewer 2 provided a strong acceptance rating with a confidence level of 2, which means they are willing to defend their assessment, but it is quite likely that they did not understand the central parts of the submission or that they are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work. Reviewer 3 provided an acceptance rating with a confidence level of 4, which means they are confident in their assessment, but not absolutely certain. It is unlikely, but not impossible, that they did not understand some parts of the submission or that they are unfamiliar with some pieces of related work.

Meta-reviewer: Thank you for clarifying that. Given the mixed confidence levels of the reviewers and the concerns raised, I think I will ask for a revision before making a final decision.